Captain Herman::Hm? You're... What is it about you? I've been an honorable Knight for a long time, but I cannot understand this feeling I'm getting from you...
Captain Herman::May god bless your body and soul, warrior. I hope you will show your courage and protect those who are weaker than you.
::Ah, a member of our Chivalry. I hope you are living up to my expectations. We have vowed to be strong for our kingdom, even if death is upon us...
::Welcome, this is the Prontera Chivalry. What brings you here?
Captain Herman::A-ha~ A Swordman, you say? I'm sorry, "+((Sex==SEX_MALE)?"lad":"lass")+", but you've come to the wrong place!
Captain Herman::This isn't the Swordsman guild, it's the Prontera Chivalry! If you wish to become a Swordman, visit the Swordman Guild located in Izlude.
Captain Herman::Ah, I see that you have great ambition. But you must first become a Swordman before becoming a Knight. One step at a time...
Captain Herman::First, visit the Swordman guild in Izlude. Then, come visit us again once you have become a well experienced Swordman.
Captain Herman::Aha~ You must have lots of free time. Why don't you go hunt some monsters instead of wandering about aimlessly?
::Welcome. We, the proud Knights of the Prontera Chivalry, will give our lives for king and country! Please enjoy your stay.
::Welcome, this is the Prontera Chivalry. What brings you here?
Captain Herman::Ohh... A young "+((Sex==SEX_MALE)?"man":"lady")+" who wishes to become a Knight! Our Prontera Chivalry will assist you.
Captain Herman::First of all, I am the captain of the Prontera Chivalry, Herman Phon Efesirsus. I'm pleased to meet young people eager to join the Prontera Chivalry.
Captain Herman::We only accept Swordmen who are at least Job Level 40. We cannot consider applicants that are not yet experienced enough to become Knights.
Captain Herman::Once you apply, and we find you eligible, we will begin the job change procedure. Would you like to apply now?
Captain Herman::Ah, you are not yet ready to become a Knight! Didn't I specifically mention the Job Level 40 requirement?
Captain Herman::Of course I understand your strong desire to join us, but now is not the time. Go out and fight some more monsters. We will be here waiting.
::Ah...! You cannot change jobs if you have unused skill points remaining. Return when you have used all of your skill points.
::Let me see... Your name is mes strcharinfo(0) + "... Is that right?
Captain Herman::Let me explain the job change procedure. You must visit a series of Knights and pass each of their tests.
Captain Herman::Once all the tests are completed, every Knight involved in your testing will gather and discuss your performance.
Captain Herman::The Knights must unanimously approve of you before you can join the Prontera Chivalry. If only one person objects, you must start over.
Captain Herman::But I believe if you persist with an earnest " + mesitemlink(7855, false) + ", you shall be acknowledged by the Knights and ultimately recognized as a member of our Chivalry.
Captain Herman::So, let's not waste any more time talking! Go and meet these Knights and begin their tests. Once you have completed all of the tests, come back to me.
Captain Herman::Oh...! Well, I don't want to pressure you. Take your time and think it over. Return when you are ready to change jobs, for we will be waiting.
Captain Herman::Come to think of it, aren't you a Swordman? It looks like you've encountered many foes in battle.
Captain Herman::You should consider changing jobs to a Knight. Come and talk to me if you are interested.
Captain Herman::Please take your time in looking around. Good day.
::Mmm? mes strcharinfo(0) + ", what can I do for you? Ah, you don't know who to visit?
Captain Herman::I believe the Knights in charge of testing have set an order in which you must visit them. I suppose it helps the testing process.
Captain Herman::First, go and visit Sir Andrew for your first test. Don't be too nervous, he'll explain everything once you talk to him.
::It appears that you have finished one test. Let's see. Sir Andrew, who must this Swordman visit next?
Sir Andrew::I said to visit Sir Siracuse. Funny, I thought I told you. Did I forget...?
Captain Herman::Did you hear? Go to Sir Siracuse and take his test. Once you complete his test, do not forget who you're supposed to visit next as well.
::Let's see... You've completed two tests. Sir Siracuse, who must this Swordman visit next?
Sir Siracuse::Oh...! Um, who was next...? Right! Sir Windsor!
Captain Herman::Head over to Sir Windsor Benedict for your next test. Listen carefully to the Knights in charge of testing so that you don't feel lost, alright?
::Sir Windor...? Who must this Swordman visit next?
Sir Windsor::...
Sir Windsor::... ......
Sir Windsor::...Amy Beatrice.
Captain Herman::Ah, go and visit Lady Amy and take her test. Make sure you pay attention to who you must go to for your next test.
::Let's see... Lady Amy, who must this Swordman visit next?
Lady Amy::Oh... I said to visit Sir Edmond! Tee hee~
Captain Herman::Now, go and speak to Sir Edmond. He will be in charge of your next test.
::Don't you only have to visit one more person? The Knight in charge of the final test is Sir Gray Prospheiro.
Sir Edmond::This world operates according to the law of cause and effect. All will be revealed in the end.
Captain Herman::Be alert and do your best, as this is the last test.
Captain Herman::Return to me after you have completed the final test.
::Finish the last test. Once that is complete, all the Knights involved in your testing shall gather, and we will evaluate your performance.
::Oh...! You cannot change jobs if you have unused skill points remaining. Return once you have distributed all your skill points.
::Oh, have you completed all the tests? But not everyone who completes the tests can become a Knight.
Captain Herman::During the test we see how loyal, honorable and strong you are. We also see if you were courteous and if you know the value of modesty and reverence.
Captain Herman::Through this process, I have also observed your actions. All seven of our opinions will be reflected in the decision of your job change.
Captain Herman::Then... We shall listen to everyone's thoughts! Andrew, what do you think?
Sir Andrew::What can I say? I approve! Having lived as a Swordsman up until now is enough. This one has gathered items that are troublesome to obtain. I approve! I believe "+((Sex==SEX_MALE)?"":"s")+"he will continue to be loyal after becoming a Knight.
Captain Herman::Hmm. What a nice review. Siracuse, what are your thoughts?
Sir Siracuse::Heh, very well. Not quite what I would want, but hopefully will become better in the future.
Sir Siracuse::After becoming a Knight, you must build a good reputation through honor. Ehh... I approve.
Captain Herman::Okay... Windsor, what about you?
Sir Windsor::...
Sir Windsor::... ......
Sir Windsor::....Approved.
Captain Herman::I don't think he disapproves. Then, let's listen to Amy's opinion.
Lady Amy::Mmm~ He's so polite! He'll grow to be a wonderful Knight. And he's got such cute widdle cheeeeks~ Hee hee! Mmm~ She should be great! She's very courteous and also very cute, so a few more points! Heh~ I shouldn't be saying things like this!
Captain Herman::Well... A strange review, but I believe she approves. Edmond, speak your mind.
Sir Edmond::He seems a little rough, but something bright shines within him. With polish and refinement, his true value will shine forth as the sun. It's difficult to see, but there is a spiritual beauty within her. With polish and refinement, her true value will glow as resplendently as the moon.
Captain Herman::Lastly... Gray. I would like to hear your thoughts.
Gray::A young "+((Sex==SEX_MALE)?"gentleman":"lady")+" coming here with the determination to become a Knight is enough...
Captain Herman::Everyone has approved. No one has opposed. Then I shall tell you my opinion.
Captain Herman::My decision is...
Captain Herman::I approve.
Captain Herman::You may not have finished all the tests perfectly, but you have all the necessary qualities to become a Knight.
Captain Herman::I hereby declare you a member of the Prontera Chivalry. Protect the weak and live with honor.
Captain Herman::Oh... We have prepared a small gift to congratulate you on your job change. Please use it when you are in battle as you honorably protect others.
Captain Herman::Go forth! The future of Rune-Midgarts rests on your shoulders!
::Mmm? Swordman " + strcharinfo(0) + ". How are the tests? Ah~ You do not know who to visit next?
Captain Herman::It may be difficult, but do your best.
Sir Andrew::You must be a member of the Chivalry. How are you doing?
Sir Andrew::You must work diligently to gather food as well as save zeny to buy equipment. Save everything you find in battle, even the smallest " + mesitemlink(909, false) + ".
Sir Andrew::But it's not good to be too greedy. After all, we are Knights.
::Hey there, little Novice. Welcome to the Prontera Chivalry.
Sir Andrew::You might that you're weak right now, but someday you'll become stronger.
Sir Andrew::Dream of a bright future, and go look forward on the path that you choose to take.
::We, the members of the Prontera Chivalry, are putting our best effort in protecting peace in this world.
Sir Andrew::Even during the battles we face each and every day, we dream of a bright future that is to come.
::We, the members of the Prontera Chivalry, are putting our best effort in protecting peace in this world.
Sir Andrew::Even during the battles we face each and every day, we dream of a bright future that is to come.
::Good day. May I help you with something?
Sir Andrew::Ah... You wish to become a Knight. Your name is mes strcharinfo(0) + ", correct?
Sir Andrew::I am a Knight of the Prontera Chivalry, Andrew Shylock. I am in charge of your first test.
Sir Andrew::I will be testing your sense of loyalty. Every Knight must possess this virtue. For this exam, you will be gathering prizes from the battlefield.
Sir Andrew::Mmm...? Hold on there. You look like you've mastered being a Swordsman.
Sir Andrew::Impressive...! On second thought, I don't think your loyalty needs to be tested.
Sir Andrew::Please go to my fellow Knight, Sir Siracuse, as he will give you your next test. Well done in mastering the Swordman job.
Sir Andrew::Without further ado, let's begin! Go and gather the following items...
Sir Andrew::^236B8E"+.@items[1]+" "+getitemname(.@items[0])+"^000000, ^236B8E"+.@items[3]+" "+getitemname(.@items[2])+"^000000, ^236B8E"+.@items[5]+" "+getitemname(.@items[4])+"^000000, ^236B8E"+.@items[7]+" "+getitemname(.@items[6])+"^000000, ^236B8E"+.@items[9]+" "+getitemname(.@items[8])+"^000000 and ^236B8E"+.@items[11]+" "+getitemname(.@items[10])+"^000000,
Sir Andrew::I shall be waiting here for you to bring the items I've listed. See you soon~
Sir Andrew::Well, then... Good day.
::Welcome back~ Did you gather all the items? Let's check and see...
Sir Andrew::Perfect! We appreciate your effort in gathering these items. Thesee will be used to support the Chivalry's finances.
Sir Andrew::Please visit my fellow Knight, Sir Siracuse, and continue the tests with the dedication and loyalty you've shown to me this day.
Sir Andrew::Wait, wait... I think you're still missing some items. In case you forgot, let me remind you...
Sir Andrew::^236B8E"+.@items[1]+" "+getitemname(.@items[0])+"^000000, ^236B8E"+.@items[3]+" "+getitemname(.@items[2])+"^000000, ^236B8E"+.@items[5]+" "+getitemname(.@items[4])+"^000000, ^236B8E"+.@items[7]+" "+getitemname(.@items[6])+"^000000, ^236B8E"+.@items[9]+" "+getitemname(.@items[8])+"^000000 and ^236B8E"+.@items[11]+" "+getitemname(.@items[10])+"^000000,
Sir Andrew::Now, please take this test seriously and with sincerity. Now, I'll be waiting for you to complete this task.
::Did you have something you needed to ask me? You should go and take the next test. Hurry, Sir Siracuse is waiting for you~
::You must have finished all the tests. Good job! You should go see our Captain so that we can all give our evaluation.
::Did you have something you needed to ask me? You should go and take your next test. Do your best. I know you can do it!
Sir Siracuse::Hey there! How are you doing? The Chivalry's been doing pretty well.
Sir Siracuse::We've been testing new members, but not all of them show as much promise as you.
Sir Siracuse::I hope these new recruits all behave themselves, and don't bring shame to the Chivalry.
Sir Siracuse::If you catch any of the new guys acting in a way unbecoming of a Knight, scold them for me please?
::Oh? What is a Novice doing here?
Sir Siracuse::Are you interested in becoming a Knight? You just can't change into a Knight from a Novice, you know.
Sir Siracuse::First, you have to become a well experienced Swordman before you can consider becoming a Knight.
::Offense and defense. Is there a way to have both without compromising one or the other?
Sir Siracuse::Two-handed weapons greatly improve your offense but decrease your defenses. Is there something that can overcome this weakness?
Sir Siracuse::A weapon or some sort of technique like that would help Knights greatly...
::Offense and defense. Is there a way to have both without compromising one or the other?
Sir Siracuse::Two-handed weapons greatly improve your offense but decrease your defenses. Is there something that can overcome this weakness?
Sir Siracuse::A weapon or some sort of technique like that would help Knights greatly...
::Eh? Do you have something to ask me?
Sir Siracuse::Oh, to become a Knight? Come to think of it, aren't you the "+((Sex==SEX_MALE)?"guy":"girl")+" that just applied?
Sir Siracuse::Let's see... Your name was mes strcharinfo(0) + ".
Sir Siracuse::But, before you come to me, you must visit the others. The way I see it, you haven't proven that you know the basics. But I'll reconsider once you pass the first test.
Sir Siracuse::Hmmm...? Alright. It's just that you had that look on your face.
::Eh? Do you have something to ask me?
Sir Siracuse::Hahaha~! Aren't you supposed to be taking Andrew's test? You can't just skip that, you know! All of our tests are important.
Sir Siracuse::Speak to Sir Andrew first. My test for you will come after you've finished his test.
Sir Siracuse::Hmmm...? Alright. It's just that you had that look on your face.
::Oh? Do you have something to ask me?
Sir Siracuse::I see, you've passed the first test. Very well, I'll make some time for you. Let me introduce myself. My name is James Siracuse.
Sir Siracuse::This test will measure how much you know about Knighthood. More importantly, I want to know your thoughts about honor.
Sir Siracuse::Don't be nervous, I won't keep you too long. These will be quick questions. Plus, you still have to see the others, right?
Sir Siracuse::Well then, let's begin. Please answer promptly.
Sir Siracuse::Hmmm...? Alright. It's just that you had that look on your face.
::What... You again?
Sir Siracuse::Is that right? Are you sure you're prepared this time?
Sir Siracuse::Alright then, here we go again...
Sir Siracuse::Hmmm...? Alright. It's just that you had that look on your face.
Sir Siracuse::A Knight must possess great strength, defense, speed, and the skill to wield a " + mesitemlink(1157, false) + ". Which of the following weapons are not affected by the Two Hand Quicken skill?
Sir Siracuse::Wrong! That's a " + mesitemlink(1157, false) + "! Are you sure you want to be a Knight? You don't even know the basics...
Sir Siracuse::If you're not sure about anything, go into town and ask any Knight. You need to learn more about Knights before applying for the job!
Sir Siracuse::Good, now let me ask about some skills. Which of the following is not necessary to learn Bowling Bash?
Sir Siracuse::Wrong! You need that to learn Bowling Bash! You should learn more about the Knight class before applying for the job!
Sir Siracuse::Knights can also use Spears, unlike other jobs, and have skills related to Spears as well. What skills are not necessary to learn the skill Brandish Spear?
Sir Siracuse::Wrong! You need to learn that to learn Brandish Spear! How can you not know about Knights if you want to become one?
Sir Siracuse::If you aren't sure about anything, go into town and ask any Knight for help. Come back after you've learned more about Knights.
Sir Siracuse::Some Spears also have magical attributes, just like spells. Of the following, which can attack a " + mesitemlink(7102, false) + ", which has the Ghost attribute?
Sir Siracuse::Wrong! You'll be doing absolutely no damage with that type of Spear! Come back after you've learned more about Knights!
Sir Siracuse::If you have a question, just ask any Knight in town. This is basic knowledge for us!
Sir Siracuse::When you become a Knight you can ride a Peco Peco. However, your attack speed decreases once you're mounted on a Peco Peco.
Sir Siracuse::But, you can counter this speed decrease as you learn the Cavalier Mastery skill. What percentage of your normal attack speed will you have after learning Level 3 Cavalier Mastery?
Sir Siracuse::Wrong! Don't bother riding a Peco Peco if you don't know about Cavalier Mastery!
Sir Siracuse::You better come back after you've learned a little more about Knights!
Sir Siracuse::Good, good... I'm pretty sure you know a decent amount about Knights. Now, let me ask you some personal questions about Knights.
Sir Siracuse::What should you do when you run into a Novice asking for help in town?
Sir Siracuse::Of course, even a Novice needs to learn how to be independent. Giving good guidance to Novices is one of the best things we can do.
Sir Siracuse::You have the wrong idea. Do you really believe that is helping the Novice? Give a man a fish, he will eat for a day. Teach him to fish, he will eat for a lifetime!
Sir Siracuse::Do you really believe that this will truly help the poor Novice? It's generous but, they will not know the true value of zeny and items until they earn it themselves.
Sir Siracuse::Alright... Now, how should you act within a party?
Sir Siracuse::That's it! Our strength and attacks are very important in a party. All Knights should engage in a battle with that mindset.
Sir Siracuse::Are you crazy? Don't you realize the flaw in that kind of thinking? You can't control large mobs. What if they kill you? Who will protect the innocent?
Sir Siracuse::I see your greed and we will have none of it here! It seems you do not truly care for others! Get lost!
Sir Siracuse::Lastly... what's the most important value a Knight must have?
Sir Siracuse::Right, above all else, Knights must be honorable! We live and die for honor! Always keep that in mind.
Sir Siracuse::You're scum! You strive to become a Knight for personal wealth? Get lost! We will not accept someone like you in our Chivalry!
Sir Siracuse::So you're trying to become famous through the Chivalry? That's pathetic. We won't accept someone like you in our Chivalry!
Sir Siracuse::Well then, this is the end of my test.
Sir Siracuse::For your next test, please go see Sir Windsor. He's very quiet, but don't let that get to you.
::Oh? Do you have something to ask me?
Sir Siracuse::Hey... You already took my test, didn't you? You're done here. You should go visit Sir Windsor now...
Sir Siracuse::Hmmm...? Alright. It's just that you had that look on your face.
::Mmm...? You finished everyone else's tests as well?
Sir Siracuse::Well then, go and see the captain. We'll all be there to evaluate your performance.
::Hey again. Did you need something? Sorry, but I'm busy at the moment. You should go and finish the rest of your tests.
Sir Windsor::...
Sir Windsor::... ......
Sir Windsor::...Go play outside.
::...What?
::...What?
Sir Windsor::...
Sir Windsor::... ......
Sir Windsor::...It's not my turn.
Sir Windsor::...
::.....What?
Sir Windsor::...
Sir Windsor::... ......
Sir Windsor::...Follow me. ...Fine.
Sir Windsor::...This way.
Sir Windsor::...
::...Talk to the captain.
::...You're done here.
Sir Windsor::...
Sir Windsor::... ......
Sir Windsor::...Question?
Sir Windsor::...
Sir Windsor::... ......
Sir Windsor::...You fight monsters.
Sir Windsor::...Kill them all.
Sir Windsor::...
Sir Windsor::...Three stages. Beat them all.
Sir Windsor::......3 minutes for each stage.
Sir Windsor::..........
Sir Windsor::...Go in the waiting room.
Sir Windsor::...Then it will begin.
Sir Windsor::...
Sir Windsor::...You have to wait if someone is testing.
Sir Windsor::...You can go in after that person.
Sir Windsor::...
Sir Windsor::...
Sir Windsor::...On to the next level.
Sir Windsor::...Hmm.
Sir Windsor::...One stage left.
Sir Windsor::...
Sir Windsor::...Very good.
Sir Windsor::...Go talk to Amy Beatrice now.
Lady Amy::Oh...! I wonder, why have you come to visit me?
Lady Amy::You're not having trouble as a Knight, are you? Well, I think you're doing well~
Lady Amy::Of course~ You're a member of the Prontera Chivalry~
::Aww~ What a cute little Novice! Soooooo cute!
Lady Amy::Heh heh... Are you interested in becoming a Knight later on? You'd be a great Knight~
Lady Amy::Remember, you're going to be a Knight, alright? Promise?
::Welcome to the Prontera Chivalry~
Lady Amy::We're only Knights, but hope you enjoy your stay here. Heh heh~
::Ooh, you're a Swordsman...? Did you come to change jobs to a Knight?
Lady Amy::To apply, talk to the captain all the way over there. Hee hee~
::Hmmm? Why did you come to Amy?
Lady Amy::Mmm~ You applied to change jobs! Okay! You'll soon be a Knight with that kind of determination!
Lady Amy::But... You have to go to the other Knights before talking to Amy.
Lady Amy::I'd love to test you from the beginning, but I'm not allowed to. Hee hee~
Lady Amy::Aww~ Alright...
::Hmmm? Why did you come to Amy?
Lady Amy::Oh! No need to say anything more. Welcome! It's time to take Amy's test!
Lady Amy::My name is Amy Beatrice, a proud Lady Knight of the Prontera Chivalry. Amy's test will test your etiquette as a Knight~
Lady Amy::I'll tell you a story and you choose an answer whenever I ask a question. Your etiquette will be judged on your answers.
Lady Amy::So listen carefully and answer as if you're already a Knight, okay?
Lady Amy::Then, let's begin!
Lady Amy::Aww... Alright~
::Hmmm? Why did you come to Amy?
Lady Amy::Mmm~? Have you learned what you did wrong last time? If you fail again, I'm going to be mad!
Lady Amy::So listen carefully and answer as if you are a Knight. Well then, let's begin!
Lady Amy::You are a Knight and you are looking for a party in Morocc. How would you go about doing so?
Lady Amy::Aww... Alright~
::You are a Knight and you are looking for a party in Morocc. How would you go about doing so?
Lady Amy::You have formed a party with equal leveled players. There's a Priest, a Wizard, a Hunter, an Assassin, and a Blacksmith...
Lady Amy::The six of you decide to go hunt and have decided to go to the Pyramids.
Lady Amy::You reach Level 4 of the Pyramids with your party. What should you do?
Lady Amy::But some rude players came with a group of monsters and disappeared! What should you do?
Lady Amy::Luckily, you all lived through the crisis. But as you walk, you find a person, who is not in your party, collapsed on the ground.
Lady Amy::The person is asking politely for help. What should you do?
Lady Amy::You must bid farewell to your party members because you must go somewhere else.
Lady Amy::But you find a rare item during the battle. What should you do?
Lady Amy::You end up with the item and you go to Prontera to sell it. There are many people with shops and chat rooms opened selling items.
Lady Amy::What should you do to sell your item?
Lady Amy::While you are waiting, someone comes and begs for items and zeny. What do you do?
Lady Amy::Now you decide to go to the Hidden Temple by yourself. You happily ride on your Peco Peco.
Lady Amy::But you run into someone that is lost. What should you do?
Lady Amy::You've been hunting for a while, and now you're low on HP! It's red now, which is very dangerous.
Lady Amy::Ah, then a Priest happens to walk by. How would you ask the Priest for a Heal?
Lady Amy::You are now very exhausted and it's time to go back to town.
Lady Amy::You then find a rare item on the street. What should you do?
Lady Amy::Okay, that was the end of my test!
Lady Amy::Well done, that kind of mentality is needed for a Knight! For your next test, visit Sir Edmond, please~
Lady Amy::I'll have nice comments about you for the captain. Do well on the tests you have left, okay?
::Well, it wasn't perfect, but I think you know enough about etiquette to be a fine Knight.
Lady Amy::Now, it's time for you to go to Sir Edmond for your next test. Do well on the rest of your tests. You better promise~
::Mmm... To be honest, I don't think your attitude is good enough to be a Knight quite yet.
Lady Amy::If you really act like that, everyone will think Knights are rude! Think about how you answered my questions and come again later.
Lady Amy::If you want, I'll let you retake the test, okay?
::Hmmm? Why did you come to Amy?
Lady Amy::You have to go to Sir Edmond for your next test, okay?
::Wow~ Now it's time for everyone to decide on your job change!
Lady Amy::Let's go talk to our captain. Don't worry too much. It should be okay.
::Hmmm? Why did you come to Amy?
Lady Amy::You still have other tests to take. Hurry and finish~
Sir Edmond::Think of your mind as if it were flowing water.
Sir Edmond::Flowing water avoids obstacles, going on its way...
Sir Edmond::Knights must be able to pass things, like calm water, in any situation.
::Trees with deep roots don't sway with the wind. The fact that powerful skills must be built on strong basics is immutable...
Sir Edmond::Your future can even be decided now...
::Everything in this world exists in harmony. Living without disrupting this harmony is the right way to live...
::Those with ominous thoughts will only dream such dreams. It's better to have no dreams at all than to have dreams of sadness and despair.
::What is it... Wandering Swordman?
Sir Edmond::A seed must first be nestled in the earth before the seed may " + mesitemlink(7193, false) + ". Then, the " + mesitemlink(7193, false) + " must grow leaves before its buds blossom into flowers...
Sir Edmond::If not... The " + mesitemlink(712, false) + " will be incomplete.
Sir Edmond::Go to the others first, so that you may find your path...
Sir Edmond::The life that you want will soon be before your eyes. Everything will come in perfect order.
::What is it... Wandering Swordman.
Sir Edmond::It is now time to take my test. Please do your best, as you have done on the other tests.
Sir Edmond::My name is Edmond Groster. I am a member of the Prontera Chivalry.
Sir Edmond::Knights are in the position for others to follow. Therefore, you must modestly think about the world's order and have the personality to fit the role you will play.
Sir Edmond::You must not make careless decisions. Your will should bend as the reeds or be as firm as stone when the situation calls for it.
Sir Edmond::You must not kill monsters without reason and not take joy in doing so. Take this time to quietly think about this on your own...
Sir Edmond::Then, we shall begin the test. Keep in mind the quality of reverence.
Sir Edmond::The life you want will soon be before your eyes.
::What is it... Wandering Swordman?
Sir Edmond::You were too careless in the last test. A Knight's sword exists to protect others, not to torment weaker monsters.
Sir Edmond::In a world where everything exists in harmony, you can't have humans continuously destroying without purpose. This principle applies to the real world, not to this test alone.
Sir Edmond::The test shall begin. Show me your patience...
Sir Edmond::The life that you want will soon be before your eyes. Everything will come in perfect order.
::I have seen your character for myself. It is now time for you to take the last test. Go and speak to Sir Gray...
::Go and speak to our captain. The time has come for all of us to evaluate your performance.
Sir Gray::The glint of light that shines off this blade cannot be put into words. This is the weapon every Knight must have.
Sir Gray::Yes... ^3355FF" + mesitemlink(1163, false) + "^000000! Every Knight would want one!
Sir Gray::" + mesitemlink(1163, false) + ", one of the best among the famous swords you can attain in Rune-Midgarts' Prontera!! Its value is priceless when considered by a Knight.
Sir Gray::Now, the Prontera Chivalry is making these fabulous Claymores. For Knights, they are only ^3355FF74,000^000000 Zeny.
Sir Gray::But not only that, you need 1 ^3355FF" + mesitemlink(999, false) + "^000000 because of the " + mesitemlink(1163, false) + "'s characteristics. If you like, I can create one for you. For the honor of the Prontera Chivalry!
Sir Gray::Oh no... It seems that you are carrying too many things. You don't have enough space for a heavy " + mesitemlink(1163, false) + " in your inventory.
Sir Gray::Why don't you go and organize your items first.
Sir Gray::You are ready! You must know the true value of a " + mesitemlink(1163, false) + "! I shall make it right now!!
Sir Gray::The basics of making the " + mesitemlink(1163, false) + " is easy. Watch~!
::^3355FF*Stir Stir*^000000 ^3355FF*Ooncha Ooncha*^000000
Sir Gray::Okay, it's ready! Every Knight's pride: a fine ^3355FF" + mesitemlink(1163, false) + "^000000. You attained a reliable item. It'll be a good companion on your adventures.
Sir Gray::I realize you may really want a " + mesitemlink(1163, false) + ", but I can't make it without the materials. ^3355FF74,000 zeny^000000 and ^3355FF1 " + mesitemlink(999, false) + "!^000000.
Sir Gray::Come back when you have everything ready. I shall be waiting...
Sir Gray::Any Knight should be able to wield a " + mesitemlink(1163, false) + " as if it were an extension of their body. I used to look forward to brandishing my " + mesitemlink(1163, false) + " in battle...
::Believe it or not, I was once a Novice as well.
Sir Gray::I never really planned to become a Knight, but I did decide to become a strong person. Somehow, along my journeys, I ended up joining the Prontera Chivalry. Ha ha ha!
::Young one, use your time wisely.
Sir Gray::No point in harboring regret once time has passed.
::Young one, use your time wisely.
Sir Gray::No point in harboring regret once time has passed.
::Oh... A young Swordman. Yes, what can I do for you?
Sir Gray::Hoho, I see. So you took everyone else's test?
Sir Gray::Then shall we begin mine? It's not really a test though.
Sir Gray::Let's talk casually, shall we?
Sir Gray::First... Why did you decide to become a Knight?
Sir Gray::Take care!
::Ah, you again. What brings you to me?
Sir Gray::Is that so... I wonder if you truly have...
Sir Gray::Then... Like last time, I will ask again...
Sir Gray::First... Why did you decide to become a Knight?
Sir Gray::Take care! Health is every man's treasure!
Sir Gray::To become stronger, you say? Yes, Knights are indeed strong. But why gain strength?
Sir Gray::Is it to show off to others? To attain fame? Or do you have a diferent reason? What do you think is so good about gaining strength as a Knight?
Sir Gray::Of course, wealth and fame have their place in the world. But we as Knights must live for higher virtues.
Sir Gray::Good thinking. You must first be able to protect yourself in order to protect others. To this end, you must constantly train, and never give in to laziness.
Sir Gray::Ah, a wonderful idea. A Knight's strength must be used to protect the weak and defend righteousness.
Sir Gray::Sadly, there are a few Knights who shame us by forgetting the ideals that should be basic to Knighthood...
Sir Gray::Ah, to help your guild, or maybe even your party. Our wise and benevolent King Tristram the 3rd gave us these golden words...
Sir Gray::^8B7500Beyond the calm river, lies a dangerous waterfall. Therefore, you must always be prepared for everything...^000000
Sir Gray::So how do you think you can help your guild?
Sir Gray::Anyone, anywhere in this world, has a place where they are needed. Never neglect someone in need, even if he is not a guild member.
Sir Gray::Of course wealth is important. But we Knights must live for higher virtues.
Sir Gray::Ah, a wonderful idea. A Knight's strength must be used to protect the weak and defend righteousness.
Sir Gray::Sadly, there are a few Knights who shame us by forgetting the ideals that should be basic to Knighthood...
Sir Gray::Satisfaction, you say. It seems like you are already a fine Swordman. Is there a particular reason you wish to be a Knight?
Sir Gray::I don't know about Swordmen, but Knights do not allow self-indulgence. There are those so obsessed with gaining strength that they cannot control themselves.
Sir Gray::So... What part of yourself are you not satisfied with right now?
Sir Gray::Skill is something you gain with experience as a Knight. It cannot be your highest goal. Otherwise, you'll never be satisfied as a Knight.
Sir Gray::I see... Always having a goal is very important. You may be full of ideas upon becoming a Knight, but that may change with time.
Sir Gray::Oh no... What you see isn't what really counts. A Swordman may be stronger than a Knight, and even Knight may grow weak if he becomes lazy.
Sir Gray::I understand your thoughts, but there are those who wish to become Knights without thinking.
Sir Gray::Those are the ones who instigate problems and shame the honor of Knights, bringing irreversible results.
Sir Gray::The same goes for you as well. Once you become a Knight, you can never become a Swordman again. The duties and responsibilities of a Knight will always be with you.
Sir Gray::If you become a Knight right away, what are you going to do first?
Sir Gray::Battle...? And then?
Sir Gray::Don't be in too much of a hurry to become strong. Even if you become a Knight, you are still yourself.
Sir Gray::Testing yourself is a good thing. It's okay to be happy about how you change, but don't forget about the true qualities of being a Knight.
Sir Gray::Even if you become a Knight, you are not changing your inner self. No need to overwork yourself. Relax and take things step by step.
Sir Gray::Who is waiting for you?
Sir Gray::I see, they would share in the joy of your achievements. Don't ever lose your kind " + mesitemlink(7855, false) + ", and always give help to your friends.
Sir Gray::Those who would share in your happiness and hardship. As a Knight, you must always protect them.
Sir Gray::Oh, youth! Becoming a Knight for your beloved! Always protect "+((Sex==SEX_MALE)?"her":"him")+"... Even at the sacrifice of your own life!
Sir Gray::Also... Love them forever. Sincere affection is hard to find.
Sir Gray::Good attitude... What do you plan on learning?
Sir Gray::There are many places that are comfortable or uncomfortable in this world. However Knights must be able to survive anywhere.
Sir Gray::There are many similar Knights outside in the world. Think of them as your seniors and ask many questions.
Sir Gray::Oh no. Do you hold wealth as a priority of being a Knight? We're not meant to be that way. Come again when you have thought more about it...
Sir Gray::Oh no, we've been talking too much... I apologize for keeping you here for so long.
Sir Gray::I enjoyed talking with you. You remind me of myself as a young recruit. Shall we talk to the captain and decide on your job change?
Sir Gray::Don't worry too much, I have a very high opinion of you. Now, go~
Sir Gray::I enjoyed speaking with you. You can think about the principles of Knighthood more once you become a Knight.
Sir Gray::Then, shall we go to the captain and decide on your job change? Don't worry too much. You are good enough to be a Knight!
Sir Gray::I enjoyed talking with you. Although, there were some things that bothered me...
Sir Gray::You should go to the captain so we can decide on your job change.
Sir Gray::Don't worry too much, coming to take my test means the others have acknowledged you as well. Go now...!
Sir Gray::Conversing with young ones is always enjoyable...
Sir Gray::But it seems as though your dream is elsewhere, or that your focus is hazy. Spend more time as a Swordman, and come back to me later.
Sir Gray::If you truly wish to become a Knight, you must change your outlook first. Then, we shall see.
::I told you to go to the captain.
Sir Gray::Everyone will carefully make their decision, so go now!
::Oh... A young Swordman. What can I do for you?
Sir Gray::Hoho~ There are many other younger Knights in here.
Sir Gray::If you talk to all of them, I may review you as well.
Sir Gray::Take care! Health is every man's treasure!
